The European Union will investigate Broadcom Inc.'s acquisition of VMware Inc. for anticompetitive concerns, the EU's antitrust watchdog announced Tuesday
Arista Networks, Cloudflare, Microsoft, Alphabet and NVIDIA are part of the Zacks top Analyst Blog.
The semiconductor industry is heavily dependent on the data center market.
The chip giant has made a strong entry into the mid-range graphics card market.
The company had a challenging 2022, but it might just be on the path to greatness.
Sector ETF report for PSI
NVIDIA will continue to grow and profit by secular tailwinds over the long term. Click here to find out why NVDA is still overvalued.
The semiconductor space has contracted over the past year. In this article, we will dissect which semi conductors are leading and which are lagging.
Stock buybacks may be peaking, removing ‘a potential pillar of support’ for earnings per share in 2023, according to RBC Capital Markets.
With a slowdown in online spending, and inflation raising its transportation and fulfillment costs, Amazon is dealing with some painful headwinds in the short-term
Analysts expect the company to beat estimates in its upcoming earnings report.
Tesla, Intel and Microsoft face bigger questions about the path forward, after their shares took a beating last year.
Many investors are still unconvinced that technology stocks have already bottomed, adding fuel to the bullish case.
Apple (AAPL) has an impressive earnings surprise history and currently possesses the right combination of the two key ingredients for a likely beat in its next quarterly report.
These companies' shares sank in 2022, but investors are feeling more bullish about them in 2023.
Microsoft (MSFT), the second biggest U.S. company by market value, reports on Tuesday, followed by Elon Musk's Tesla (TSLA) on Wednesday. That's just the warm up for next week.
This company stands out among its fast-growing tech rivals.
Here's why Morgan Stanley's Mike Wilson is not biting on the early year gains for stocks. It's all down to earnings that are portending bad news, he says.
